


Record date: 2076-03-20

                          OFFICE NOTE
                                
Lydia Levine
MR #813-25-60-5
March 20, 2076
 
Ms. Levine is a 50-year-old, perimenopausal woman with non-
insulin dependent diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, and a history
of tobacco use, who underwent a recent cardiac catheterization
for a positive stress test.  At catheterization she had a
proximal 60% lesion in her RCA as well as a mid 60-70% RCA
lesion, obtuse marginal lesion of 60%, and an LAD mid lesion of
60%.  At the time it was decided to continue medical therapy on
Ms. Levine.  Since her cardiac catheterization approximately two
weeks ago, she has had no recurrent symptoms of chest pain.  She
continues on her medicines including Lopid 500 mg b.i.d.,
atenolol, aspirin, and sublingual nitroglycerin as needed, as
well as her oral hypoglycemic medicines.
 
Physical Examination:  She is an obese, white female in no acute
distress.  Her vital signs are stable.  Lungs are clear to
auscultation.  Cardiac exam reveals regular rate and rhythm,
normal S1 and S2; no murmurs, rubs or gallops.  She has no
peripheral edema.
 
Electrocardiogram shows a normal sinus rhythm at a rate of 70,
axis of about 46, and there are no acute ST-T changes noted.
 
Impression/Plan:  We will continue Ms. Levine on her current
cardiac regimen.  She has three-vessel coronary artery disease,
non-obstructive in nature.  As long as she remains asymptomatic
on her current medical regimen, we will continue to follow her. 
She will return for a follow-up visit in approximately three
months.
 
 
 
Quinn Ivey, M.D.
 
DD: 03/20/76
DT: 03/22/76
DV: 03/20/76
 
/aponte
 ******** Not reviewed by Attending Physician ********




